1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
 My first question is in regards to the age group range that partook in this exercise? This information is valuable because younger individuals may crave sweeter treats. Second question, did a particular gender answer more than their opposing counterpart? And those this data take into mind the seasonal or long term trends of each comfort food? These variables affect the data because it can be skewed too much in one direction possibly making it biased.


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
https://trends.google.com/explore?q=%2Fm%2F01k17j&date=2024-02-01%202025-02-28&geo=US


3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.
a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
The highest data recorded was on Feb 28 - Mar 31, 2025 at 100 on the chart. This is closer to spring which is warming up. 
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
The lowest recorded data was on Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024 in the winter season.


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).
a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?
The highest peak for hamburger is Apr 30 - May 31, 2024 at 100 in the spring time. The lowest data shown is Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024 during the winter time. 
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
Compared to the Hamburger data, the Milkshake data has now decreased in value on the chart. It now shows as Nov 30 - Dec 31, 2024 at 23 compared to Hamburger at 71. As opposed to the high, the high is still during the same time frame at Feb 28 - March 31, 2025 but the data shows 36 compared to Hamburger at 89 during that time-frame. This shows the popularity for Hamburger food is higher in interest than Milkshake in general. 


5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
The chart is portraying the interest over time using a simplified measure of metric of 0-100. Unfortunately, this metric doesn't show an exact amount of volume, and despite comparing different subjects it doesn't necessarily mean its correct because one person could be performing the same search over and over. However, this chart type is a good tool to just show a more passive relative comparison over time. 


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?
Yes, at times the data shows inverse/negative correlation. A significant decrease in breakup searches depicts an increase in hamburger searches and it presents at least 2 times. 
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
There really isn't any correlation that I could identify well. If anything, milkshake stayed pretty consistent with very little deviation from the mean. The only variable that appears to me influenced Milkshake searches were once again the weather. 


7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
It doesn't necessarily mean the article has absolute correct data. There's too many variables that aren't taken into account, such as weather, region, and lack of individual user ID searches. This just means the article requires more refine data to conclude a better conclusion. 

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”
a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake? Kansas had the most searches for Milkshake. 
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger? South Dakota had the most searches for Hamburger. 
