1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question? It appears that majority of the students don't have much experience coding and are more Chicago. 


2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved? It is helpful but a chart could be included to help out certain questions. Visuals are important to highlight differences or emphasize similarities. 


3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those
responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these? It's tricky because to calculate the data for "bad data" a specific formula needs to be entered and inputting the wrong formula can return an error message or create the wrong answer. 


4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided? It's different and provides non-singular responses. Meaning, if I wanted to calculate the average I wouldn't really be able to do so because each answer is unique. 


5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or
question or the response options in a future survey? Possibly limiting text or proving strictly answers for the questions to limit too much variation. 


6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses? I was surprised to see how only a few of the students had a lot of experience. 1+ years.  


7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about? I would most likely include eating breakfast so i can have mental clarity.


8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
in how you approach teaching this class? I can gage everyone's habits and incorporate difference habits to add to their routine and see if it has shown improvement or beneficial. 


9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.) It is somewhat helpful. But at the same time it limits the instructor from seeing who are the individuals needing further help. 