1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this? Its a hub of databases with different researched data that is categorized.


2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed? 402,382 datasets are listed and can be filtered.


3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category? The majority of the health problems are food derived. Lack of nutrients through poor health or polluted air affect health on the long run. 


4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA? Since USDA is an organization it has its own database page which presents data published by the Organization. 


5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.


6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned? No results were returned for Dallas, nor Tarrant County, but I did receive 3 results for Texas search: City of Austin, Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Council, and International Boundary & Water Commission.


7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results? The 'food composition' search only had 17 results in total compared to 'nutrition' search that had 229 results. It just means more data has been collected on topics related to nutrition since it is a broader/more general topic. However, if the topic term searched is more specific, then the return results will be fewer. Also, it doesn't necessarily mean that all nutrition data is going to be about food composition.  


a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.


8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result? I selected Peanut Butter. It gives me components that make up peanut butter such as minerals, vitamins,  carbs. It also displays the different values in relation to each other. 

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available? The files are pretty large using Gigabytes. As for the information found on the page has descriptions on the page and it explains the different files contained, and also how it is organized. 

